Jenny:
Welcome to eatBay, a mobile application that enables food shops, restaurants and cafes to offer surplus food to the public for a reduced price in order to minimise wastage. This app is similar to "Too Good To Go" but allows the user to select specific items instead of receiving a mystery bag.

eatBay is a demonstration project developed by a team of four over seven working days as part of the Northcoders Software Engineering Bootcamp.

Here are the team: Marcus, Keith, Sofe and Jennifer. Together we are known as the Foodcoders.

We incorporated React Native, mapping and push notifications as our new technologies.
POSTGRES SQL is utilised for our database and Express for the endpoints.
TDD was included throughout the whole backend development journey with Jest and Supertest.
The backend is hosted on Render and Elephant SQL, the frontend runs on IOS and Android phones.
We used google maps for the map overlay and Bing for the location search.
We have included map and user contexts to allow for a smooth user journey.
Expo push notifications have been integrated into the app.

Keith:
As you can see, the app's front page is a map and red pins indicate a shop with food available and yellow means the shop have no food spare. 

There is a map search bar which accepts both postcodes and location names. Let's go for London. I can then zoom in and select a shop. Let's go for this one!

Now a list of all available food at the shop I chose is displayed, which I can scroll through.

When I select an item, I see the description and quantity remaining. In order to reserve the item, I will have to log in.

The log in page also gives me an option to register for an account if I'm new to the app and we will demonstrate this shortly.

I am then taken back to the food item page where I can reserve the food. Once reserved, I can see a list of all items that I now have reserved for collection. Notice how each reservation has generated a unique reservation code which will be used by the shop to authenticate me when I come to collect the food. I do have the option to delete a reservation if I change my mind.

Marcus:
Let's now go back to the home page.

If I now go to the account page, there are some other options available. Here my name, email and password can be updated and I can also opt in for push notifications which will alert me to available food from my favourite shops.

To select a favourite shop, I can navigate back to the home screen and select a shop. Now that I'm logged in, a heart is displayed on the shop's food list page. If I press on the heart it turns red and this will allow me to receive notifications from that shop. If I press the heart again, it turns grey and I will no longer receive notifications from that shop.

Finally, from my account page, I can log out.

If I don't have an account, when I select log in there is an option to register. There are two types of account, one for a shop and one for a customer.

Sofe:
Let's now log in as a shop user, first I log in, then let's go to my account page.

When a customer comes to the shop to pick up a reserved item, from the shop account page, I can select view reservations to see a list of all food items reserved by the customers. I can check the unique reservation code against that on the customer's phone and I can then press the sold button once the transaction is complete, removing it from my list.

If I then navigate back to the account page, pressing view food list button will show me all the items listed that are available for reservation. There is an option to delete an item. By either selecting the item or pressing the edit button, I will then be taken to a page to edit the item.

Back to the account page again, the add food button will allow me to add food to the food list with a name, descripton and quantity. Once added, push notifications will be sent to any customers who have liked my shop. If I now view the food list, I can see that it's been added to the list.

In the nav bar there is an about us link, giving users, such as myself, some info about the app.

EatBay, buy it, save it, eat it brought to you by the Foodcoders.